you know what a calzone is is it like a
pizza folded in half
it's exactly what it is okay which means
you can use
any chopped up veg you might have in the
fridge yeah fantastic here's your recipe
have a gander at that
okay they can add their own toppings and
spice it up
as much or as little as they like looks
quite straightforward
we'll give it a go you're going to find
this so easy by the end of the day
you'll be half italian
fab greg's no yeast dough is super
simple
and made by mixing self-raising flour
baking powder
seasoning and water work the life out of
that well done
alia kneads until smooth
happy yep i think that's a really good
dough my friend look at that that's a
beautiful thing you've made there
hey then makes four pizza bases
i have to confess i've never been able
to roll round
neither next
she makes the tomato base is it okay to
mix in the regular
and the baby absolutely the whole point
is leftovers yeah
you got them we'll use them brilliant
tomato puree
garlic and the tomatoes are then whizzed
up with some oregano and sugar
once you've made your dough this may be
as quick to make
as folding for the delivery
with the sauce ready they add the
fillings which are the vegetables often
found at the bottom of the family's
fridge
but they can add any veg or meat they
fancy if we hadn't have used this
would you have been throwing these away
now yeah they would have just
sat in the fridge until they weren't
good enough to use and then ended up in
the bin
and because they're making it themselves
they can add chilies and extra flavours
to some
and not to others this is good fold and
crimp chef folding crimp
folding crimp alia then folds over so
it's no longer a pizza but a calzone
fantastic they're then baked for 15
minutes
brilliant once done it's time for alia
and a jazz to try
do you like yours i like that they're
fresh
they're okay it probably needs more
filling yeah yeah because i don't feel
like that would be enough for me
however you buy a box of two pizzas for
two quid yeah
one of these is 50p wow it's a big
ceiling
it is and if you made your own each time
it could save you over 75 pounds a year
the amount of trillion is incredible
and you've got even more in yours that's
what they are
someone getting a drink wow the idea
was good because we can adjust it for
everybody it didn't take too long
it's a big saving and it's much
healthier great news
that's another dinner they can both
enjoy together well i think that went
rather well ali is a good cook you know
and that calzone recipe she liked it and
it allows her to use up her leftover veg
that was great